---
layout: post
title: Management
---

<h1>Management</h1>
<div id="wmd-preview" class="wmd-preview"><div class="md-section-divider"></div><div class="md-section-divider"></div><h1 data-anchor-id="jcd9" id="key-management-team">Key Management Team</h1><p data-anchor-id="ll20">Since April 2015, as a rapidly growing start-up company BaishanCloud has attracted the best manpower in China to form a well-balanced team in every aspect of its business. The management team averages 15 years of work experience in the IT industry, both in China and overseas, and has strong skills in business operations, execution, and implementation. Key network design, R&amp;D, and product development team leaders all have BAT experience and diversified leadership backgrounds in technology innovation and development.</p><p data-anchor-id="5tye">Young, energetic, and driven by the desire to achieve success, the team has quickly established its name in the industry based on its solid business and service performance.</p><div class="md-section-divider"></div><h2 data-anchor-id="coq4" id="jason-huo">Jason Huo</h2><p data-anchor-id="rtqs">Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer</p><p data-anchor-id="egrq">Jason co-founded BSC in 2015 based on the concept of CCX - Cloud Connects Everything.  As the first company in China to introduce cloud-linkage services, Jason quickly assembled his dream team and led it to a higher level.  Jason now oversees general management of daily business operations, corporate business strategy, and product direction.  Prior to founding BSC, Jason held a number of important managerial positions at ChinaCache, including acting COO in 2011, and he participated in its IPO.</p><p data-anchor-id="jrvy">Jason holds a B.S. degree in Computer Science from Shandong Normal University and a MBA from Beijing University of Science and Technology.  He is a member of the Chinese Communications Standards Association and a council member of the Capital Internet Society.</p><div class="md-section-divider"></div><h2 data-anchor-id="16jn" id="robert-sha">Robert Sha</h2><p data-anchor-id="y1wc">Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer</p><p data-anchor-id="zrrs">Robert, a co-founder of BSC in 2015, oversees financial operations of the company, including daily financial operations, risk management, and management of capital flows and investments.  Before founding BSC, from 2003 to 2011 Robert worked as CFO at ChinaCache and he eventually participated in its Nasdaq IPO.  From 2012 to 2014, Robert worked as CFO at China Auto Rentals and The Six Room Holdings.</p><p data-anchor-id="ua6u">Robert holds a B.S. degree in Accounting and a M.S. in Economics, both from Nankai University.  He is a member of the CICA and a fellowship member of the FCCA in the United Kingdom.</p><div class="md-section-divider"></div><h2 data-anchor-id="btzu" id="jason-dai">Jason Dai</h2><p data-anchor-id="178r">Co-Founder and Chief Marketing Officer</p><p data-anchor-id="iusk">Jason, a co-founder of BSC in 2015, is in charge of corporate marketing strategy and promotion of related brand-name marketing.  Jason has over 15 years of experience in the IT industry.  Prior to BSC, Jason worked at ChinaCache where he was a VP in charge of the IDC/ Cloud Computing business unit.   Before his position at ChinaCache, he held several senior positions at various Internet companies,  including Neusoft Network Services Company and Beijing Flash Interactive Technology.</p><p data-anchor-id="km5z">Jason holds a B.S. degree in Metal Working from Northeastern University.</p><div class="md-section-divider"></div><h2 data-anchor-id="mh7k" id="john-tong">John Tong</h2><p data-anchor-id="ufk9">Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer</p><p data-anchor-id="639e">John, a co-founder of BSC in 2016, is responsible for corporate technology implementation, product strategy, and daily R&amp;D operations.  Prior to joining BSC, John worked at Sina for 17 years where his responsibilities included CDN, Big Data, and Cloud Computing.  Serving as GM of the Sina R&amp;D Center in 2014, he was responsible for development of the overall technical system and management of cloud computing operations.  As a cloud computing pioneer, John is credited with rolling out one of the earliest public cloud services in China.</p><p data-anchor-id="eyb1">John holds a B.S. degree in MIS from North China University of Technology and an MBA degree from Guanghua School of Management at Peking University.</p><div class="md-section-divider"></div><h2 data-anchor-id="mjmr" id="terence-wang">Terence Wang</h2><p data-anchor-id="v3wv">Co-Founder and Vice President of Products</p><p data-anchor-id="t5h9">Terence, a co-founder of BSC in 2015, is in charge of corporate product development, including product design, implementation, upgrading, and optimization.  Terence has over 10 years of experience in the CDN industry.  He previously worked as senior director of pre-sales at ChinaNet Center where he managed the technical team.  Terence holds three national patents in CDN.</p><p data-anchor-id="oipo">Terence received a B.S. degree in Information Engineering from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications</p><div class="md-section-divider"></div><h2 data-anchor-id="uqn0" id="wei-an">Wei An</h2><p data-anchor-id="k3an">Partner and Vice-President of International Business Strategy</p><p data-anchor-id="5ujg">Wei joined BSC in 2016 to oversee corporate international business strategies, corporate communications, and partnership alliances.  Wei has over 25 years of experience in the IT and telecom industries, having held senior managerial positions in sales, marketing, business development, general management, and corporate communications at Excel/Lucent Technologies, Asiainfo, Salira Network Systems, Fleishman &amp; Hillard, and ChinaCache.  As a key member of their management teams, Wei participated in successful IPOs of four start-ups, both in the United States and in China.</p><p data-anchor-id="j43p">Wei holds a B.A. degree in English from Beijing Second Institute of Foreign languages and a M.A. in Comparative Government and International Relations from the University of Cincinnati in the United States.</p><div class="md-section-divider"></div><h2 data-anchor-id="9f4v" id="eddie-zhao">Eddie Zhao</h2><p data-anchor-id="zke1">Partner, Vice President, and GM of Global Business Operations  </p><p data-anchor-id="snx5">In 2015 Eddie became a partner at BSC where he is responsible for international business operations and business development.  He has over 10 years of experience in business operations, consulting, sales, and marketing.  He previously held key managerial positions at China Railcom, Digital China, and ChinaCache.  Most recently, Eddie worked as senior product manager at Cummins, Inc., where he assumed full marketing responsibilities for product global expansions.</p><p data-anchor-id="f24j">Eddie holds a B.S. degree in MIS from Beijing Capital University of Economy and Business and an MBA from the Kelly School of Business of Indiana University in the United States.</p></div>